hey everyone so today I have a tutorial
for you and this one is autumn inspired
I know it's kind of getting into winter
but it's still autumn so I thought I'd
quickly knit this one in for you while
it's still water I think I'm too pretty
natural because I know in the kind of
drawing whether people don't like to
wear a lot of makeup so I kept it fairly
natural but other than that pretty
self-explanatory so I'm just going to
let you get straight into the tutorial
the first thing I'm going to do is pry
my eye and I'm just going to use an
estee lauder Paint Pot there's similar
to the mac ones and this is in the color
pink blush and you can use any primer
you want but this is a good primer
because it's got a peach town to its
fairly warm so I'm just going to place
that really lightly all over my eyelid
and then just take whatsoever left on my
finger under the eye then the first i
thought i'm going to use is bitter from
mac which is a bright green and i'm just
going to take this on a small brush and
place it on the inner corner and also
around the tear duct and on the lower
lash line i'm just going to take it a
little bit further than we normally
would for the inner corner colors and
that's just because it's as it's a kind
of bright color it's going to be harder
to blend it onto the neutral shade that
we have all over the lid so if you take
it as a bit further there's more space
for blending but you're still going to
have that kind of color payoff of the
green on the inside so with that done
I'm going to go straight to the next
eyeshadow color which is all that
glitters again from Mac which is kind of
a neutral golden a champagne kind of
color and I'm just going to pack this
all over the rest of the lid and kind of
just packed the color right over the
seam of where bitter and all that
glitters kind of join and that's just
going to help them blend like if you can
see there they're kind of transitioning
a lot smoother rather than having a
harsh line so once I've done that I'm
going to quickly just blend up here kind
of the crease area this is a clean brush
I'm just blending right here because and
all the glitters kind of had a line of
separation
from the color and my skin tone so I'm
just kind of buffing that out a little
bit just to blend it through then I'm
going to take the final eyeshadow which
is star viola also from Mac which is a
kind of brown plumbing tone and I'm
going to take that on a tapered brush
like this one this is the Sigma e45 if
you're wondering i'm just going to take
the color on the tip tap off any excess
and then just run that along the kind of
outer part of the ideas here it's kind
of fluffy brush so it's going to just
apply the color softly and it's going to
kind of help lend itself but I'm just
going to kind of work it in here and
then take it up into the crease and just
keep kind of doing that motion until I
get the color intensity that I want I'm
going to take a fluffy brush again and
just blend the edge just so it's not as
harsh then I'm going to take my bloomer
Luminizer I use this all the time it's
such a nice highlight because it's just
really shimmery with a kind of golden
tone very flattering on probably any
skin tone I also get a lot of questions
of where you can buy that and you can
buy bloom products at superdrug I
believe then I'm going to go back to
star violet and just run a small amount
of that under the eye just to kind of
join the whole look together then I'm
going to use one of the bobbi brown
long-wear gel eyeliners i'm using the
brown one which is called Sofia ink and
I'm just going to lightly line the eye
and do a slight wing on the outside
and then I'm just going to line the rest
of my eye with a black eyeliner and then
going to take a pencil brush and just
lightly run that along my lower lash
line this is just kind of smudged
eyeliner make it a bit softer and then
lastly I'm going to supply some of the
Rimmel London and sexy cosmos car this
is just in black and that is the eyes of
this book complete then I'm just going
to take a bit of benefits hoola bronzer
just because I want this look to be a
little bit warmer and I'm very pale so
even though you wouldn't be naturally
tanned in the or to necessarily i think
a bit of bronzers a bit necessary just
to kind of warm up the whole look so I'm
just concentrating this I'm kind of like
the back of my cheeks and my temples I'm
not really applying it too much around
the face just kind of in this area so
that's enough only one a tiny amount but
it just kind of warms up my face a
little bit more and then for blush I'm
going to use a cargo blush I've never
used this before so I want to try it out
and this one is in the color coral beach
and this is what it looks like it's
still a warm tone as you can tell from
the name its kind of coral a bit bronze
ear but it's shimmery which is what drew
me to it um I don't know when I think
I've got to my kind of think of shimmer
possibly because of the rain I don't
know we have a lot of rain over here in
the auditing time so if you kind of
think of the leaves on the ground the
kind of brownie toned kind of orange but
that wet because it's been raining so
kind of glisan it's very pretty but
that's what this blush kind of reminds
me of I love this brush for and blusher
at the moment this is the sigma f 15 and
i already have some of the lip gloss i'm
gonna move on but I'll reapply some more
and it's by bushra and it's one of their
3d effects max lip glosses and this is
what it looks like can get this it
probably any drugstore eyes you and this
one is in the color rose gold
hope you can read that and that is this
look complete it's very simple but I
think it's still kind of autumn inspired
I hope you enjoyed this look and I'll
put a list of all the products i used in
the downbar and i'm i'm also going to
put a link to my Twitter and my new blog
because i have a blog yes but I've kind
of started it again and then the reason
I'm telling you this is because I'm
dying to do reviews on my blog and I
think there might be useful to some of
you so if you want to go check out my
blog I haven't really done too much to
it yet because i only made it like two
days ago but i already have a review up
there i've reviewed the Estee Lauder
Double Wear foundation so if you're
interested in that i'll put a link below
to it but apart from that I hope you
enjoyed this video and I shall see you
soon